what's going on people this is the nexus
one as you can see we're going to go
over the 2.2 update it's pretty cool
it's got some cool things right here
they change they may be they put a
little bar here so you can do get down
in and what not and you know your
regular menu and then that is the
browser to the bar so it's pretty cool
um also now when you turn when you lock
your phone when it makes a noise so you
could hear it I'll put a little closer
so that's pretty cool too um what else
in there all right some widgets let's
see
some new widgets added a analog clock is
pretty cool take that out see it has the
home screen tips widget which is just
basically six tips nothing really
important stuff you already know but I
mean it's cool if you're just learning
how to use it all right and uh let's see
ya at the market now see just random
apps i pop up on the screen ice all
right it's not really that useful but
whatever roses they're all the new
Google search let's see Google search
there we go
now you can pick if you want to search
just for web or just apps we're just
contacts or all which I think it's
pretty cool and then you just click on
this little google sign and you can pick
what you want to search for she wants
this for apps so that's pretty cool back
rigor download that game it's pretty
awesome all right go back all right um
that power bar they changed the
brightness settings on here so now I
have bright really bright and automatic
so that's pretty cool the car home it
changed that I think it's okay but I
mean it'll do so I got there oh and
let's see let's go to settings some
setting options here some new ones let's
see they got the tethering and the hot
portable Wi-Fi hotspot it's pretty cool
um c settings that for this
okay see you could do some security
securities cool keep you nice and safe
and whatnot
um let's see all they have have some new
lock screens try think are all right um
let's see they got the regular pattern I
got a pin so they can put in a pin
see how that works
I guess that's very cool on see they
have another one that password we could
just put anything you want basically
just put qqqq continue ok confirm it
qqqq ok
and just put it in your good to go I
don't really like that with that much
but sorry
so that's pretty cool applications go
here now go to manage and now you have
the SD setting which is no apps
available to put on your SD for right
now they have to get some updates for
them let's see the voice input is pretty
cool check that out us under voice input
voice recognition now you could change
your safety search leave minds on off
block offensive words to turn that on or
off eventually keep minds off anyways
you know a couple people that while I'm
driving um see the calendar town there's
a little different not that different
but it's a little different I don't
really like this not likely though I
like the old one better but it's what
they did
see what else the text messaging not
really loving that instead of having the
bar cross it just has pictures and
pictures and pictures snidely that great
I like the bar before and just click on
it but still I'll do the same things
from the last update which is all right
but they need to change this one back
back to the old text message in um mean
this pretty much all the cool stuff
right now so I find anything else is
great let you guys know all right please